last year at South by Southwest we went
out on the street to ask people about
fake bands these are bands that are not
playing this festival or any festival
because they do not exist but will music
fans here pretend to know music from a
bunch of bands we made up yes they will
in this special South by Southwest 2015
edition of lie witness news welcome to
South by Southwest thank you are you
excited about all the great music here
so excited some amazing BAM yeah we're
all really excited about
do you love Mary Caden nasty I do the
Mary Jane essay I really really do what
do you love about their sound well I
like I just like female singers
generally so and I just like that kind
of funky poppy sound what do you
think about DJ underwire do you love his
music
yeah DJ underwires great he's really
mixing it up with actually turntablism
and bringing that back in scratching
right so it's something that is
oftentimes lost on some of the newer
aged DJs and I think it's great how he's
bringing that back in what do you think
Wiz Khalifa's little brother she is Wiz
Khalifa in love yeah that's a good sound
I definitely like it um one of my
friends is really into him and so um
he's more he's showed me a lot more of
him than I've been exposed to what do
you love about Eddie and his man purse
um well man purse is that's the band and
Eddie is the lead singer so you pretty
much get to see the whole man first like
you get to see the whole band described
their sound um it's kind of like a
what do you think of DJ gluten do you
like this sound or a lot of people say
he's like hard to tolerate do you love
it I like it I was I was so good on my
phone actually yeah like I like some of
it what's your favorite DJ gluten saw
you huh
howdy I'm sorry about names and
everything oh it's all bad with you know
the actual song rice crackers that's
probably what it is yeah what about TJ's
I Alice do you like his vibe yeah he's
got the beat Rosa he's got the high hat
and you're like like oh oh yeah yeah
sionis gets the crowd up yeah you get
some people going dude you guess I can't
go yeah and then you're everyone's
jamming dude you're like whoa
it's TJ's a little dangerous if he lasts
more than four hours dangerous
really how about Vlad of the pollutants
that Russian funk bands okay I have
heard of them I haven't listened a lot
of it that you know a lot of their music
but um do you love how he just like
takes his shirt off and his performances
I haven't seen that oh yeah but I feel
like it would yeah did you see the
performance where he rode in on a horse
obviously what do you think of the bad
straight out of Silver Lake Ashley on
the kale chips
I'm never awesome they have a different
sound you know it's not like everything
mainstream that here all the time
have you seen Ashley at the Cal jet fly
only one oh I look forward to pit row
quinoa the audience
Johnny man who's that crazy it was
pretty insane it wasn't it did you catch
any give it acting you know I think the
hair catch them critter Oh from France
DJ fictionnal has gonna go yes you never
eat a sectional oh my gosh yes I
actually saw him in France when I was in
Leon really oh I didn't know he was
touring in layout I don't know I met I
think I saw or heard of some of his
sounds in layoffs somebody was like DJ
you know she liked his songs just me
full of merde yes yes I do I do i I
don't know where I saw I was taking
I'm Leon and I think it was bear are you
excited to hear DJ Jimmy and the
kimmells this year yeah not man wait he
said Jimmy and the kimmells not Jimmy by
Kimmel but it's like it's like okay okay
why not why not
do you like the bad Jimmy Kimmel just
made me lie for like 15 minutes what do
you think of the band so much marijuana
so much marijuana
I like marijuana I like a lot of
marijuana so so much marijuana is a good
name for a band
I understand also we need to pass his
law in Texas 2015 legalize marijuana and
all 52 States
all done hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you
liked that subscribe to our YouTube
channel to get all our latest videos
before they die and go to YouTube heaven